SEO optimization (#768)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/HardwareDeployment.md

Andreas Antonopoulos tells us "Not your keys, not your Bitcoin".  Here's another Bitcoin axiom "Your hardware.  Your node.  Your keys.  Your Bitcoin".

> In order for your Bitcoin experience to be truly self-sovereign and trustless you should consider **running nodes on your own hardware** and internet connection. **BTCPayServer is an excellent way to run both Bitcoin & Lightning nodes**.  Not only are you validating transactions you also get the ability to accept base layer Bitcoin and second layer Lightning payments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for your Bitcoin experience to be truly self-sovereign and trustless you should consider **running nodes on your own hardware** and internet connection. **BTCPay Server is an excellent way to run both Bitcoin & Lightning nodes**.  Not only are you validating transactions you also get the ability to accept base layer Bitcoin and second layer Lightning payments.
```
